workflows-build: Support building all modified packages (#3520)
AOSC-Dev/aosc-os-abbs: .github/workflows/README.md

/build groups/dotnet
```

### Example 4: Building All Changed Packages In A Pull Request

```
/build
```

## Notes

- Currently, this command only supports GitHub-hosted runners.
  - Microsoft Azure's Standard_DS2_v2 virtual machines only support x86-64 (`amd64`) architecture and may not have sufficient performance or storage to build some packages.

>   - GitHub-hosted runners currently provide no TTY device[^1], any build rely on this will fail.

Reviewer: any build that relies *

Author: ```suggestion
  - GitHub-hosted runners currently provide no TTY device[^1], any build that relies on this will fail.
```
